Update bug_report.md (#48)
nimakarimipour/NullAwayAnnotator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

> **Stacktrace**

Author: ```suggestion
**Stack trace**
```

> If applicable, add stacktrace of the exception below.

Author: ```suggestion
If applicable, add stack trace of the exception below.
```
